[Serve] [Docs] Document best practices for querying Serve over HTTP (#37160)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/http-guide.md

```

> ## Best practices for HTTP requests

Reviewer: Should the title indicate that these are best practices for production?
```suggestion
## Best practices for HTTP requests in Production
```

Also, not sure - should this go under a best practices section under Production Guide instead?

Reviewer 2: I would suggest production guide as well!

Author: Sounds good, I moved it to the Best Practices page in the Production Guide.

Most examples in these docs use straightforward `get` or `post` requests using Python's `requests` library, such as:

```{literalinclude} doc_code/http_guide/requests_best_practices.py
:start-after: __prototype_code_start__
:end-before: __prototype_code_end__
:language: python
```

This pattern is useful for prototyping, but isn't sufficient for production. In production, HTTP requests should use:

> * Retries: requests may occassionally fail due to transient issues (e.g. slow network, node failure, power outage, spike in traffic, etc.). Retry failed requests a handful (~10) times to account for these issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Retries: requests may occasionally fail due to transient issues (e.g. slow network, node failure, power outage, spike in traffic, etc.). Retry failed requests a handful (~10) of times to account for these issues.
```

* Exponential backoff: To avoid bombarding the Serve application with retries during a transient error, apply an exponential backoff on failure. Each retry should wait exponentially longer than the previous one before running. For example, the first retry may happen 0.1 seconds after a failure, the next one 0.4s (4 x 0.1), then 1.6s, 6.4s, 25.6s, etc.

> * Timeouts: add a timeout to each retry to prevent your requests from hanging. The timeout should be longer than the latency of your application to give your application enough time to process requests.

Reviewer 2: let's also add a link to how to configure an e2e timeout

Author: Good idea, I added a link.
